react/src/static/texts/intent/intentEn.md, before:

#### Who owns the media?

Most of the time we don't know. Not that this information is secret, we just don't necessarily think about it. 

#### Does it make any difference on the content?

No! Maybe. Sometimes. Often. Always? It depends, really: on the media, the owner, the piece of news, the time and location etc. Knowing who owns the media we read is a valuable information in itself. It's neither a good nor bad thing that the media may be (privately) owned. But we ought to think critically about this and keep in mind a media's owners' interests. This is why we started the **Open Ownership Project**: to provide citizens with an easy way to access this kind of information. 


#### A Chrome Extension?

For OOP to be impactful, it should be clear and easy to use. It should be visual, open, thought-through together as a community. We believe the most efficient way to change our approach to the News is by fitting in our existing habits, not by trying to change them drastically. It should therefore be a browser plugin: simply a mouse-click away, enabling us to find out whether the information we are reading could be biased in an instant, without even leaving the current webpage.


#### Where does the graph come from ?

The information in the graph represent Companies (nodes) and Ownership relations (edges). For the French Media, most of it originally comes from this*  work by Le Monde Diplomatique. Our goal is to build a platform allowing us to crowd-source the information so that it becomes scalable in time (new media, new ownerships) and space (different countries). The idea is to allow people to submit relevant sourced pieces of information as in Wikipedia, with Moderators deciding whether or not to update the graph accordingly. Machine Learning techniques will be developed to suggest modifications and assist moderators.


We believe this project will become a tool for enlightened citizens. At the same time its development to be a **learning opportunity** for everyone involved, including **YOU** if you want to be part of the journey!


You are currently using our first, minimalist release. Graph edition, Moderation and more are to come.

A lot has yet to be built. All ideas are welcome and will be discussed - including yours if you wanted to join! The only thing we want you to keep in mind is this project’s spirit: to be an open democratic tool.

Commit message:

oop <-metada
Former-commit-id: b837bbd7d2592f60b6233ac28d94ec89cc4a7a0c

react/src/static/texts/intent/intentEn.md, after:

### Metada

We lack information about the very information we read. Be it about the ownership of a media, of a regular website or simply about the person who wrote the article. The Open MetaData Project aims at gradually filling that hole, the Open Source way.

We chose to start with the Media but we have a lot more ideas, get in touch and contribute!

#### Who owns the media?

Most of the time we don't know. Not that this information is secret, we just don't necessarily think about it.

#### Does it make any difference on the content?

No! Maybe. Sometimes. Often. Always? It depends, really: on the media, the owner, the piece of news, the time and location etc. Knowing who owns the media we read is a valuable information in itself. It's neither a good nor bad thing that the media may be (privately) owned. But we ought to think critically about this and keep in mind a media's owners' interests. This is why we started **Metada**: to provide citizens with an easy way to access this kind of information. 


#### A Chrome Extension?

For Metada to be impactful, it should be clear and easy to use. It should be visual, open, thought-through together as a community. We believe the most efficient way to change our approach to the News is by fitting in our existing habits, not by trying to change them drastically. It should therefore be a browser plugin: simply a mouse-click away, enabling us to find out whether the information we are reading could be biased in an instant, without even leaving the current webpage.


#### Where does the graph come from ?

The information in the graph represent Companies (nodes) and Ownership relations (edges). For the French Media, most of it originally comes from this*  work by Le Monde Diplomatique. Our goal is to build a platform allowing us to crowd-source the information so that it becomes scalable in time (new media, new ownerships) and space (different countries). The idea is to allow people to submit relevant sourced pieces of information as in Wikipedia, with Moderators deciding whether or not to update the graph accordingly. Machine Learning techniques will be developed to suggest modifications and assist moderators.


We believe this project will become a tool for enlightened citizens. At the same time its development to be a **learning opportunity** for everyone involved, including **YOU** if you want to be part of the journey!


You are currently using our first, minimalist release. Graph edition, Moderation and more are to come.

A lot has yet to be built. All ideas are welcome and will be discussed - including yours if you wanted to join! The only thing we want you to keep in mind is this project’s spirit: to be an open democratic tool.
